#summary Frequently Asked Questions

= FAQ =

*What are all status's supported by this plugin*<br>
It supports four status's "Available", "Away", "Busy", "Invisible". Yes you can login with any of these status.

*Does it support proxy*<br>
No. Current release does not support for proxy. Their is plan to support proxy in future. Already a "Enhancement" request has been raised to track this.

*How do i report a new bug*<br>
From the project's home page, click "Issues" tab and select "New Defect".

*How do i ask for enhancement*<br>
Same as above. 

*How my password is stored*<br>
This plugin does not store passwords. It only stores the user id in eclipse preferences.

*Is there any delay in sending/receiving the messages*<br>
Yes, sometimes there is a little bit delay(5-10 secs) in receiving messages.

*How "Auto reply" works*<br>
If you are busy and want to reply to the message you got then enable "Auto Reply" with your message. Whenever you receive a message then automatically your message will be sent to user.

*Is it possible to add/remove a friend from the friends list*<br>
No. This release does not support this feature. Already a "Enhancement" request has been raised to track this.

*Is it possible to block a friend*<br>
No. This release does not support this feature. Already a "Enhancement" request has been raised to track this.

*What is the port number to which this plugin connects*<br>
It connects to port number 5222

*How can i recognize incoming message from my friend*<br>
If you are receiving message first time then it will open a new tab with your friends id as title. If you have already opened the tab then it will become *bold*